font-organizer
==============

font-organizer was created to make archiving all of the fonts I've downloaded to my computer over the years easier. It separates my custom fonts from system default fonts into a folder.

This utility is actually a collection of two programs. 

One program, ```userFontFinder.exe```, parses the folder where fonts are stored on a Windows computer, ```C:/Windows/Fonts```, and compares the font file names to known default fonts. The names of default fonts are stored in ```txts/default_fonts.txt```.

Another program, ```userFontArchiver.exe```, parses the ```txts/userFonts.txt``` generated by ```userFontFinder.exe```, and copies those fonts to a given folder for storage, organization, or whatever the user wants.

## Exploring

The source for font-organizer is found in the base directory of this utility, i.e. this folder.

* ```userFontArchiver.cpp``` - Copies user fonts from the OS font directory to a directory of the user's choice. These directories are hardcoded.
* ```userFontFinder.cpp``` - Takes a file containing line-delimited font file names, and finds all fonts in the OS font directory that are not contained in that file. These directories are hardcoded as well.

## Dependencies
##### Platform agnostic
* **[tinydir](https://github.com/cxong/tinydir)** - Used to get a list of all files in a given directory.

##### Platform dependent
* **Font directories** - Although not what we would normally call a dependency, the font directories hardcoded into the sourcefiles assume a Windows OS. These directories can be changed easily to fit your OS, of course.

## Usage
#### Downloading
To download, simply

	$ todo

#### Building
Run

	$ make

You must have g++.

#### Running

	$ cd bin
	$ userFontFinder && userFontArchiver

#### Usage
You must have a list of line-delimited default fonts for your OS in the txts/ folder (or if you change some directories, a directory of your choice) before running ```userFontFinder```, and subsequently ```userFontArchiver```.

## Future plans
I want to be able to label my custom fonts with what I want to use them for, e.g. headers, body text, etc.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Leon Cheung

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
